So look at this thing, we're really starting to build a proper complex edit here.
Now, next thing that I want to hop into is refining this final sequence that we have.
Now, I'm going to let this play through.
It's like 45 seconds.
And I want you to tell me if you can tell, if you can see what you think we're going to refine in this
part.
And as a little bit of a bonus, final touch, I added some PVC pipes to hide the cables.
It did all for you.
Oh, yeah, OK, OK.
And I added some artwork on the walls, replaced by more bulky professional tripod with a much slimmer
small footprint.
Tripod hid all these extra cables.
God knows we needed to do that and added these super led strips that allow us for me to change the feeling
and the vibe of the room.
One click of a button.
So there you have it.
All of your hard work has paid off.
This is where we started with.
And let's see that beautiful before and after shot while he bavin.
That is a work of art right here.
I completely love how this space came together.
All the little details.
Perfect.
I really enjoy working here.
I really enjoy editing in here, and I really enjoy just sharing in this space.
So I hope this video really gave you some insights.
So I hope that you're seeing what I'm seeing.
All these shots are great, right?
But they're shaky as hell.
I mean, I hope you can see this through your screen because it's pretty clear on mine.
I mean, like this shot, you see that?
Oh, God, yeah.
When you full screen it, you can really see it.
So when people are watching it full screen on their phone, when they're watching it full screen on
YouTube or whatever it is, the warp stabilization and the stabilization phase of the editing process
is huge.
And that's really what's going to make this final montage of all these great shots really come together.
So we've done it before, but I wanted to touch on it for this style of video.
And I'm going to go ahead and type and warp stabilizer.
You can type in whatever kind of stabilization filter you're editing software has.
And I'm going to go through here and select all the clips that need it.
This one does not.
All the ones after it do.
This is a tripod shot.
There's nothing to stabilize.
But all these need help.
So I'm going to select all the clips about a boom, drag that on and see what else in this montage is
going to use of stabilization.
That's another tripod shot.
It's another tripod.
This one definitely.
OK, so all of these now we're going to let the filter analyze this footage and then we're going to
go and fine tune the intensity of the filter so that you can't really tell it has a filter on it.
But it should just look like a really steady, smooth shot.
OK.
Now, this filter finished analyzing the clips and apologies.
It kind of heated up my computer a little bit.
So it's got the fan crank in.
And if you hear in the background, I'm sorry.
But let's take a look at these shots.
That looks good.
OK, looking good.
It all these extra teams.
God knows we needed to do these look great.
Normally there's a little bit of warping that you have to take out by decreasing the intensity.
But all of these are looking pretty good so far.
So there you have it.
And you're just paid off.
This is what we started with.
And let's see that beautiful before and after shots.
He.
David is working on right there.
I completely love.
OK.
This one is having some issues.
So let's go ahead and turn it down from 50 percent to 30 percent.
And let's turn and I explain this early in the course.
But, yeah, the smoothness is the intensity that the filter is applying and scaling up to remedy the
shakiness.
Subspace warp is the default.
If you're getting too much warping, it looks like the footage is underwater.
You can try doing perspective.
That's generally what I do.
And that does the trick.
Still getting a little bit.
It doesn't like that.
I see the look here and here you get these weird wobbles.
It's subtle.
But in this kind of situation, rather than trying to fine tune it, what you can do is, you know,
if you know that the filter is having problems towards the beginning of the clip, go a little bit later,
scrub, take it over and now reanalyze the clip.
And now it's not going to have to try to analyze and deal with that really hard part that it's not having
an easy time with.
So let's check that out.
OK, Alex, pretty good.
A little bit too much on this one.
Thirty.
The these sites and inspired you to go out and create your own space.
Oh, yeah, that one's got a little too much.
So let's put it on perspective.
Turn it down your own space, OK?
It's going to warp is see, like I mentioned, it doesn't like stuff in the foreground.
I like having stuff in the foreground because it makes a shot more dynamic.
But I don't think it's going to work for this filter.
So let's scoot it, reanalyze it in space.
This uniquely yours.
If you like this video, be sure to check out the rest of my games and where I share my other tips and
techniques of how to become a better video creator.
And I will see you in the next video.
OK, you're sweet, so I'm not even going to show up before and after of with the stabilization and
without because we already know this a thousand times better, and it's an excellent final step in the
refinement process.
In the next lesson, I'm going to show you how to, you know, add a little bit of extra oomph on special
shots in your edit.
And I'm going to show in the way that I'm going to show you is what I'm trying to say is this transition
is really like the money shot of this entire project.
So I'm going to show you how to connect your editing software with after effects in the next lesson.